README.md, before:

# steam-roms-importer
Add your roms as Steam shortcuts

## Usage:
```bash
npm install -g steam-roms-importer
steam-roms-importer
```

Upon running the script for the first time, config files will be generated in `My Documents\steam-roms\*`.

In the `consoles` folder, you will find configuration files for consoles. In each json file, you will have to specify the `romPaths` parameter for the script to find your roms, for example:

```
{
  "romPaths": ["D:/Roms/SNES", "C:/Roms/SNES"]
}
```

In the `emulators` folder, you will find configuration files for emulators. In each json file, you will have to specify `exe`, the path to the executable of the emulator and `command`, the command line executed when running the emulator. In this command, `{exe}` represents the path to the emulator exe, and `{game}` is the path to the rom, for example:

```
{
  "exe": "D:/Emulators/Dolphin/Dolphin.exe",
  "command": "{exe} /e {game} /b"
}
```

Once you changed all of your console and emulator config files, run the script again with `steam-roms-importer` and you should see the games being added to the Steam shortcut file. Restart Steam to see them in your library.

## Running in dev

First of all, install the dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

Run the script in dev mode, with auto-restart:
```bash
npm run dev
```

Check linting:
```bash
npm run lint
```

## Support on Beerpay
Hey dude! Help me out for a couple of :beers:!

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer/badge.svg?style=beer-square)](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer)  [![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer/make-wish.svg?style=flat-square)](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer?focus=wish)

Commit message:

Adding support for local grid images

README.md, after:

# steam-roms-importer
Add your roms as Steam shortcuts

## Usage:
```bash
npm install -g steam-roms-importer
steam-roms-importer
```

Upon running the script for the first time, config files will be generated in `My Documents\steam-roms\*`.

In the `consoles` folder, you will find configuration files for consoles. In each json file, you will have to specify the `romPaths` parameter for the script to find your roms, for example:

```
{
  "romPaths": ["D:/Roms/SNES", "C:/Roms/SNES"]
}
```

In the `emulators` folder, you will find configuration files for emulators. In each json file, you will have to specify `exe`, the path to the executable of the emulator and `command`, the command line executed when running the emulator. In this command, `{exe}` represents the path to the emulator exe, and `{game}` is the path to the rom, for example:

```
{
  "exe": "D:/Emulators/Dolphin/Dolphin.exe",
  "command": "{exe} /e {game} /b"
}
```

Once you changed all of your console and emulator config files, run the script again with `steam-roms-importer` and you should see the games being added to the Steam shortcut file. Restart Steam to see them in your library.

### Note on Grid Images

Grid images are retrieved locally or from remote sources if not found locally. In order to use a locally stored grid image, simply create it as a .png with the same exact name as your rom and in the same directory.

## Running in dev

First of all, install the dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

Run the script in dev mode, with auto-restart:
```bash
npm run dev
```

Check linting:
```bash
npm run lint
```

## Support on Beerpay
Hey dude! Help me out for a couple of :beers:!

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer/badge.svg?style=beer-square)](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer)  [![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer/make-wish.svg?style=flat-square)](https://beerpay.io/SBRK/steam-roms-importer?focus=wish)
